README.md, before:

# libfsasync [![license][license-image]][license-url] [![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]

[![coverage][nyc-cov-image]][github-url] [![dependency][depencency-image]][dependency-url] [![maintenance][maintenance-image]][npmsio-url] [![quality][quality-image]][npmsio-url]

`libfsasync` - Async `fs` Library

## CI Status

| | Build | Coverage |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| **devel** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-devel-build-image]][github-devel-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-devel-coverage-image]][github-devel-coverage-url] |
| **main** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-main-build-image]][github-main-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-main-coverage-image]][github-main-coverage-url] |
| **release** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-release-build-image]][github-release-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-release-coverage-image]][github-release-coverage-url] |

[depencency-image]:https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/libfsasync?logo=nodedotjs
[dependency-url]:https://npmjs.com/package/libfsasync?activeTab=dependencies
[github-devel-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel
[github-devel-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Adevel
[github-devel-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel
[github-devel-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Adevel
[github-main-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
[github-main-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Amain
[github-main-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
[github-main-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Amain
[github-release-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=release
[github-release-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Arelease
[github-release-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=release
[github-release-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Arelease
[github-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync
[license-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/license/kei-g/libfsasync
[license-url]:https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
[maintenance-image]:https://img.shields.io/npms-io/maintenance-score/libfsasync?logo=npm
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/libfsasync.svg?logo=npm
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/libfsasync
[npmsio-url]:https://npms.io/search?q=libfsasync
[nyc-cov-image]:https://img.shields.io/nycrc/kei-g/libfsasync?config=.nycrc.json&label=coverage&logo=mocha
[quality-image]:https://img.shields.io/npms-io/quality-score/libfsasync?logo=npm

Commit message:

:memo: Add a section about license
Signed-off-by: kei-g <km.8k6ce+github@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# libfsasync [![license][license-image]][license-url] [![npm][npm-image]][npm-url]

[![coverage][nyc-cov-image]][github-url] [![dependency][depencency-image]][dependency-url] [![maintenance][maintenance-image]][npmsio-url] [![quality][quality-image]][npmsio-url]

`libfsasync` - Async `fs` Library

## CI Status

| | Build | Coverage |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| **devel** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-devel-build-image]][github-devel-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-devel-coverage-image]][github-devel-coverage-url] |
| **main** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-main-build-image]][github-main-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-main-coverage-image]][github-main-coverage-url] |
| **release** | [![GitHub CI (Build)][github-release-build-image]][github-release-build-url] | [![GitHub CI (Coverage)][github-release-coverage-image]][github-release-coverage-url] |

## Lincense

The scripts and documentation in this project are released under the [BSD-3-Clause License](https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! See [Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Code of Conduct

:clap: Be nice. See [our code of conduct](https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

[depencency-image]:https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/libfsasync?logo=nodedotjs
[dependency-url]:https://npmjs.com/package/libfsasync?activeTab=dependencies
[github-devel-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel
[github-devel-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Adevel
[github-devel-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=devel
[github-devel-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Adevel
[github-main-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
[github-main-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Amain
[github-main-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
[github-main-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Amain
[github-release-build-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg?branch=release
[github-release-build-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=branch%3Arelease
[github-release-coverage-image]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml/badge.svg?branch=release
[github-release-coverage-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync/actions/workflows/coverage.yml?query=branch%3Arelease
[github-url]:https://github.com/kei-g/libfsasync
[license-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/license/kei-g/libfsasync
[license-url]:https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
[maintenance-image]:https://img.shields.io/npms-io/maintenance-score/libfsasync?logo=npm
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/libfsasync.svg?logo=npm
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/libfsasync
[npmsio-url]:https://npms.io/search?q=libfsasync
[nyc-cov-image]:https://img.shields.io/nycrc/kei-g/libfsasync?config=.nycrc.json&label=coverage&logo=mocha
[quality-image]:https://img.shields.io/npms-io/quality-score/libfsasync?logo=npm
